[FEATURE] #101843 - Allow configuration of color palettes (#829)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-TCA: Documentation/ColumnsConfig/Type/Color/Index.rst

The TCA type :php:`color` should be used to render a JavaScript-based color picker.

..  versionadded:: 13.0

:ref:`Color palettes <t3tsconfig:pagecolorpalettes>` can be defined via
:ref:`page TSconfig <t3tsconfig:setting-page-tsconfig>`. This way, for example,

> colors defined in a corporate design can be made accessible in an easy way.

Reviewer: I don't really get the last sentence?

Author: The user can just click on the color instead of enter a RGB value manually.

Reviewer: colors [...] can be made accessible could also be interpreted as "barrierefrei gemacht werden" this is what caused by confugsion. @sarahmccarthy123 you have an idea of how to rephrase this?

Reviewer 2: Maybe "can be selected by a simple click" rather than "can be made accessible in an easy way"

> :ref:`page TSconfig <t3tsconfig:setting-page-tsconfig>`. This way, for example,
> colors defined in a corporate design can be made accessible in an easy way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`page TSconfig <t3tsconfig:setting-page-tsconfig>`. With this method, the user can pick predefined corporate design colors with a click instead of typing in RGB values.
```
Maybe like this?

Reviewer 2: Yes. I would say "select" rather than "pick" (maybe then you could say "a colorpicker" rather than "a click") but otherwise it looks fine to me.

Reviewer: Done
